[KubeRay][Doc] KubeRay doc migration (4/n) (#39393)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/kubernetes/k8s-ecosystem/volcano.md

```shell
# Path: kuberay/ray-operator/config/samples
# Includes label `ray.io/scheduler-name: volcano` in the metadata.labels
curl -LO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/kuberay/master/ray-operator/config/samples/ray-cluster.volcano-scheduler.yaml
kubectl apply -f ray-cluster.volcano-scheduler.yaml

# Check RayCluster
kubectl get pod -l ray.io/cluster=test-cluster-0
# NAME                                 READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
# test-cluster-0-head-jj9bg            1/1     Running   0          36s
```

In addition, the following labels can also be provided in the RayCluster metadata:

- `ray.io/priority-class-name`: the cluster priority class as defined by Kubernetes [here](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/#priorityclass).
  - This label only works after the creation of a `PriorityClass` resource
  - ```shell
    labels:
      ray.io/scheduler-name: volcano
      ray.io/priority-class-name: <replace with correct PriorityClass resource name>
    ```
- `volcano.sh/queue-name`: the Volcano [queue](https://volcano.sh/en/docs/queue/) name the cluster will be submitted to.

>   - This label only works after the creation of a `Queue` resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - This label only works after you create a `Queue` resource
```

  - ```shell
    labels:
      ray.io/scheduler-name: volcano
      volcano.sh/queue-name: <replace with correct Queue resource name>
    ```

> If autoscaling is enabled, `minReplicas` will be used for gang scheduling, otherwise the desired `replicas` will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If autoscaling is enabled, `minReplicas` is used for gang scheduling, otherwise the desired `replicas` is used.
```

### Step 5: Use Volcano for batch scheduling

> If you need some guidance, check out [examples](https://github.com/volcano-sh/volcano/tree/master/example) available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For guidance, see [examples](https://github.com/volcano-sh/volcano/tree/master/example).
```

## Example

> Before going through the example, remove any ray clusters running to ensure successful run through of the example below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before going through the example, remove any running Ray Clusters to ensure a successful run through of the example below. 
```

```shell
kubectl delete raycluster --all
```

### Gang scheduling

> In this example, we'll walk through how gang scheduling works with Volcano and KubeRay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example walks through how gang scheduling works with Volcano and KubeRay.
```

> First, let's create a queue with a capacity of 4 CPUs and 6Gi of RAM:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, create a queue with a capacity of 4 CPUs and 6Gi of RAM:
```

```shell
kubectl create -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: scheduling.volcano.sh/v1beta1
kind: Queue
metadata:
  name: kuberay-test-queue
spec:
  weight: 1
  capability:
    cpu: 4
    memory: 6Gi
EOF
```

> The **weight** in the definition above indicates the relative weight of a queue in cluster resource division. This is useful in cases where the total **capability** of all the queues in your cluster exceeds the total available resources, forcing the queues to share among themselves. Queues with higher weight will be allocated a proportionally larger share of the total resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **weight** in the definition above indicates the relative weight of a queue in a cluster resource division. Use this parameter in cases where the total **capability** of all the queues in your cluster exceeds the total available resources, forcing the queues to share among themselves. Queues with higher weight are allocated a proportionally larger share of the total resources.
```

> The **capability** is a hard constraint on the maximum resources the queue will support at any given time. It can be updated as needed to allow more or fewer workloads to run at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **capability** is a hard constraint on the maximum resources the queue supports at any given time. You can update it as needed to allow more or fewer workloads to run at a time.
```

> Next we'll create a RayCluster with a head node (1 CPU + 2Gi of RAM) and two workers (1 CPU + 1Gi of RAM each), for a total of 3 CPU and 4Gi of RAM:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, create a RayCluster with a head node (1 CPU + 2Gi of RAM) and two workers (1 CPU + 1Gi of RAM each), for a total of 3 CPU and 4Gi of RAM:
```

```shell
# Path: kuberay/ray-operator/config/samples

> # Includes labels `ray.io/scheduler-name: volcano` and `volcano.sh/queue-name: kuberay-test-queue` in the metadata.labels

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Includes  the `ray.io/scheduler-name: volcano` and `volcano.sh/queue-name: kuberay-test-queue` labels in the metadata.labels
```

curl -LO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/kuberay/master/ray-operator/config/samples/ray-cluster.volcano-scheduler-queue.yaml
kubectl apply -f ray-cluster.volcano-scheduler-queue.yaml
```

> Because our queue has a capacity of 4 CPU and 6Gi of RAM, this resource should schedule successfully without any issues. We can verify this by checking the status of our cluster's Volcano PodGroup to see that the phase is `Running` and the last status is `Scheduled`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the queue has a capacity of 4 CPU and 6Gi of RAM, this resource should schedule successfully without any issues. You can verify this by checking the status of the cluster's Volcano PodGroup to see that the phase is `Running` and the last status is `Scheduled`:
```

```shell
kubectl get podgroup ray-test-cluster-0-pg -o yaml

# apiVersion: scheduling.volcano.sh/v1beta1
# kind: PodGroup
# metadata:
#   creationTimestamp: "2022-12-01T04:43:30Z"
#   generation: 2
#   name: ray-test-cluster-0-pg
#   namespace: test
#   ownerReferences:
#   - apiVersion: ray.io/v1alpha1
#     blockOwnerDeletion: true
#     controller: true
#     kind: RayCluster
#     name: test-cluster-0
#     uid: 7979b169-f0b0-42b7-8031-daef522d25cf
#   resourceVersion: "4427347"
#   uid: 78902d3d-b490-47eb-ba12-d6f8b721a579
# spec:
#   minMember: 3
#   minResources:
#     cpu: "3"
#     memory: 4Gi
#   queue: kuberay-test-queue
# status:
#   conditions:
#   - lastTransitionTime: "2022-12-01T04:43:31Z"

> #     reason: tasks in gang are ready to be scheduled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#     reason: tasks in the gang are ready to be scheduled
```

#     status: "True"
#     transitionID: f89f3062-ebd7-486b-8763-18ccdba1d585
#     type: Scheduled
#   phase: Running
```

> And checking the status of our queue to see that we have 1 running job:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the status of the queue to see 1 running job:
```

```shell
kubectl get queue kuberay-test-queue -o yaml

# apiVersion: scheduling.volcano.sh/v1beta1
# kind: Queue
# metadata:
#   creationTimestamp: "2022-12-01T04:43:21Z"
#   generation: 1
#   name: kuberay-test-queue
#   resourceVersion: "4427348"
#   uid: a6c4f9df-d58c-4da8-8a58-e01c93eca45a
# spec:
#   capability:
#     cpu: 4
#     memory: 6Gi
#   reclaimable: true
#   weight: 1
# status:
#   reservation: {}
#   running: 1
#   state: Open
```

> Next, we'll add an additional RayCluster with the same configuration of head / worker nodes, but a different name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, add an additional RayCluster with the same configuration of head and worker nodes, but a with different name:
```

```shell
# Path: kuberay/ray-operator/config/samples

> # Includes labels `ray.io/scheduler-name: volcano` and `volcano.sh/queue-name: kuberay-test-queue` in the metadata.labels

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Includes the `ray.io/scheduler-name: volcano` and `volcano.sh/queue-name: kuberay-test-queue` labels in the metadata.labels
```

# Replaces the name to test-cluster-1
sed 's/test-cluster-0/test-cluster-1/' ray-cluster.volcano-scheduler-queue.yaml | kubectl apply -f-
```

> Now check the status of its PodGroup to see that its phase is `Pending` and the last status is `Unschedulable`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the status of its PodGroup to see that its phase is `Pending` and the last status is `Unschedulable`:
```

```shell
kubectl get podgroup ray-test-cluster-1-pg -o yaml

# apiVersion: scheduling.volcano.sh/v1beta1
# kind: PodGroup
# metadata:
#   creationTimestamp: "2022-12-01T04:48:18Z"
#   generation: 2
#   name: ray-test-cluster-1-pg
#   namespace: test
#   ownerReferences:
#   - apiVersion: ray.io/v1alpha1
#     blockOwnerDeletion: true
#     controller: true
#     kind: RayCluster
#     name: test-cluster-1
#     uid: b3cf83dc-ef3a-4bb1-9c42-7d2a39c53358
#   resourceVersion: "4427976"
#   uid: 9087dd08-8f48-4592-a62e-21e9345b0872
# spec:
#   minMember: 3
#   minResources:
#     cpu: "3"
#     memory: 4Gi
#   queue: kuberay-test-queue
# status:
#   conditions:
#   - lastTransitionTime: "2022-12-01T04:48:19Z"
#     message: '3/3 tasks in gang unschedulable: pod group is not ready, 3 Pending,
#       3 minAvailable; Pending: 3 Undetermined'
#     reason: NotEnoughResources
#     status: "True"
#     transitionID: 3956b64f-fc52-4779-831e-d379648eecfc
#     type: Unschedulable
#   phase: Pending
```

> Because our new cluster requires more CPU and RAM than our queue will allow, even though we could fit one of the pods with the remaining 1 CPU and 2Gi of RAM, none of the cluster's pods will be placed until there is enough room for all the pods. Without using Volcano for gang scheduling in this way, one of the pods would ordinarily be placed, leading to the cluster being partially allocated, and some jobs (like [Horovod](https://github.com/horovod/horovod) training) getting stuck waiting for resources to become available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the new cluster requires more CPU and RAM than our queue allows, even though one of the pods would fit in the remaining 1 CPU and 2Gi of RAM, none of the cluster's pods are placed until there is enough room for all the pods. Without using Volcano for gang scheduling in this way, one of the pods would ordinarily be placed, leading to the cluster being partially allocated, and some jobs (like [Horovod](https://github.com/horovod/horovod) training) being stuck waiting for resources to become available.
```

> We can see the effect this has on scheduling the pods for our new RayCluster, which are listed as `Pending`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the effect this has on scheduling the pods for our new RayCluster, which are listed as `Pending`:
```

```shell
kubectl get pods

# NAME                                            READY   STATUS         RESTARTS   AGE
# test-cluster-0-worker-worker-ddfbz              1/1     Running        0          7m
# test-cluster-0-head-vst5j                       1/1     Running        0          7m
# test-cluster-0-worker-worker-57pc7              1/1     Running        0          6m59s
# test-cluster-1-worker-worker-6tzf7              0/1     Pending        0          2m12s
# test-cluster-1-head-6668q                       0/1     Pending        0          2m12s
# test-cluster-1-worker-worker-n5g8k              0/1     Pending        0          2m12s
```

> If we dig into the pod details, we'll see that this is indeed because Volcano cannot schedule the gang:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Look at the pod details to see that Volcano cannot schedule the gang:
```

Reviewer: Not sure if I cut too much.

```shell
kubectl describe pod test-cluster-1-head-6668q | tail -n 3

# Type     Reason            Age   From     Message
# ----     ------            ----  ----     -------
# Warning  FailedScheduling  4m5s  volcano  3/3 tasks in gang unschedulable: pod group is not ready, 3 Pending, 3 minAvailable; Pending: 3 Undetermined
```

> Let's go ahead and delete the first RayCluster to clear up space in the queue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete the first RayCluster to make space in the queue:
```

```shell
kubectl delete raycluster test-cluster-0
```

> The PodGroup for the second cluster has moved to the `Running` state, as there are now enough resources available to schedule the entire set of pods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PodGroup for the second cluster changed to the `Running` state, because enough resources are now available to schedule the entire set of pods:
```

```shell
kubectl get podgroup ray-test-cluster-1-pg -o yaml

# apiVersion: scheduling.volcano.sh/v1beta1
# kind: PodGroup
# metadata:
#   creationTimestamp: "2022-12-01T04:48:18Z"
#   generation: 9
#   name: ray-test-cluster-1-pg
#   namespace: test
#   ownerReferences:
#   - apiVersion: ray.io/v1alpha1
#     blockOwnerDeletion: true
#     controller: true
#     kind: RayCluster
#     name: test-cluster-1
#     uid: b3cf83dc-ef3a-4bb1-9c42-7d2a39c53358
#   resourceVersion: "4428864"
#   uid: 9087dd08-8f48-4592-a62e-21e9345b0872
# spec:
#   minMember: 3
#   minResources:
#     cpu: "3"
#     memory: 4Gi
#   queue: kuberay-test-queue
# status:
#   conditions:
#   - lastTransitionTime: "2022-12-01T04:54:04Z"
#     message: '3/3 tasks in gang unschedulable: pod group is not ready, 3 Pending,
#       3 minAvailable; Pending: 3 Undetermined'
#     reason: NotEnoughResources
#     status: "True"
#     transitionID: db90bbf0-6845-441b-8992-d0e85f78db77
#     type: Unschedulable
#   - lastTransitionTime: "2022-12-01T04:55:10Z"

> #     reason: tasks in gang are ready to be scheduled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#     reason: tasks in the gang are ready to be scheduled
```

Reviewer: Not sure if this is an output, or if it is text to correct.

#     status: "True"
#     transitionID: 72bbf1b3-d501-4528-a59d-479504f3eaf5
#     type: Scheduled
#   phase: Running
#   running: 3
```

> Checking the pods again, we see that the second cluster is now up and running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the pods again to see that the second cluster is now up and running:
```

```shell
kubectl get pods

# NAME                                            READY   STATUS         RESTARTS   AGE
# test-cluster-1-worker-worker-n5g8k              1/1     Running        0          9m4s
# test-cluster-1-head-6668q                       1/1     Running        0          9m4s
# test-cluster-1-worker-worker-6tzf7              1/1     Running        0          9m4s
```

> Finally, we'll clean up the remaining cluster and queue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, clean up the remaining cluster and queue:
```
